Academic Accreditation is Approval process by an accrediting authority of a learning program leading to an AQF qualification using the quality assurance standards for the relevant education and training sector OR the evaluation of a course of study (either by TEQSA or by a self-accrediting provider such as a university) against course requirements specified in the Higher Education Standards Framework. created by AQF (Australian Qualifications Framework)
"Accepted Offer is  Acceptance is entering a written agreement. The offer of placement is accepted within the nominated timeframe including payment and meeting any acceptance conditions. 
"
 Navigate: Accepted Offers = Offer Status ('A') i.e Accepted. Includes Cancelled    
"  Studylink:      &lt;i&gt;pending conditions?&lt;/i&gt;    created by Australian Government Department of Education (ESOS Framework)"""
"""Admission is  Student's admission into a program, covering the point of admission and record of ongoing status of their admission.        Navigate: Unit id is null. Enrollment status = Not commenced i.e """"A"""". Offer status = Accepted i.e """"A"""". Does not include rejected. "
"  Does not include Cancelled      &lt;i&gt;All conditions have been met&lt;/i&gt;  created by Australian Government Dictionary"""
"Advanced Diploma is The purpose of the Advanced Diploma qualification type is to qualify individuals who apply specialised knowledge in a range of contexts to undertake advanced skilled or paraprofessional work and as a pathway for further learning.    Advanced Diploma qualifications are located at level 6 of the Australian Qualifications Framework. Advanced Diploma qualifications must be designed and accredited to enable graduates to demonstrate the learning outcomes expressed as knowledge, skills and the application of knowledge and skills specified in the level 6 criteria and the Advanced Diploma descriptor.    Advanced Diploma qualifications are available for accreditation and issuance in both higher education and vocational education and training. Full qualification type specification 
"
UK Level 4 equivalent qualification
- knowledge of the underlying concepts and principles associated with their area(s) of study
- an ability to present
Alumni is A  graduate or former student. When a student completes their studies they become an alumni of the institution. created by Australian Government Dictionary
Applicant is Data relating to a person who has applied for at least one of the programs offered by the institution created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)
"Application is Applicant's instruction to be considered for a programme of study by submitting an application form
"
"Navigate: Application = New (N) offer created by CAUDIT"""
AQF (Australian Qualifications Framework) is The AQF is the national policy for regulated qualifications in Australian education and training. It incorporates the qualifications from each education and training sector into a single national qualifications framework. created by AQF (Australian Qualifications Framework)
Articulation is Arrangements enabling students to progress from a completed qualification to another with admission and/or credit in a defined qualification pathway  Or qualifying to enter the Bachelor program. created by TEQSA
"Assessment is Assessment is the process of appraising, evaluating and making a judgment about someone's knowledge, skills and ability in order to determine if they have met with and achieved the designated learning outcomes of individual units of study. 
"
"Assessment may be formative or summative and occur via a number of tactics e.g. written and oral tests and examinations; essays; engagement in tutorials and group projects; interviews; observations; class quizzes etc created by TEQSA"""
Assessment Result is The mark given for an assessment item created by The University of Western Australia
"Associate Degree  is Qualification type for individuals who apply underpinning technical and theoretical knowledge in a range of contexts to undertake paraprofessional work and as a pathway for further learning. Must be designed and accredited to enable graduates to demonstrate the learning outcomes expressed as knowledge, skills and the application of knowledge and skills specified in the level 6 criteria and the Associate Degree descriptor OR lower level undergraduate degree usually completed in two years. created by AQF (Australian Qualifications Framework)"
Attrition is The proportion of students commencing a course of study in a given Study Period who neither complete nor return in the following Study Period. It does not identify those students who defer their study or transfer to another institution. The ‘drop out’ rate from providers represents one dimension of the effectiveness of the delivery of educational services. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)
Award is Recognized certification of achievement or competence that may be granted to a student after completion of all the requirements of a higher education or vocational education and training (VET) course. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)
"Bachelor Degree is Qualifies individuals who apply a broad and coherent body of knowledge in a range of contexts to undertake professional work and as a pathway for further learning. Qualifications must be designed and accredited to enable graduates to demonstrate learning outcomes expressed as knowledge, skills and the application of knowledge and skills specified in the level 7 criteria and the Bachelor Degree descriptor. created by AQF (Australian Qualifications Framework)"
"Bachelor Honours Degree is Qualifies individuals who apply a body of knowledge in a specific context to undertake professional work and as a pathway for research and further learning. Bachelor Honours Degree qualifications are located at level 8 of the Australian Qualifications Framework. Qualifications must be designed and accredited to enable graduates to demonstrate the learning outcomes expressed as knowledge, skills and the application of knowledge and skills specified in the level 8 criteria and the Bachelor Degree descriptor. created by AQF (Australian Qualifications Framework)"
Budget Enrolment is The estimated enrolment at census number as agreed with finance created by NULL
Budget Enrolment is The estimated enrolment at census number as agreed with finance created by Oracle Glossary
"Business Unit is A unit formed by a higher education provider to undertake particular functions, or a unit that is used for statistical reporting purposes. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)"
"Campaign is Data related to a set of communication activities to achieve a specified goal, eg public warning, awareness campaign created by CAUDIT"
"Campus is Data relating to an institution's campus locations; the grounds and buildings where the institution conducts its learning and teaching, and research, activities OR a campus is the physical location from where a course or program of study is delivered. For on‑line/ distance education courses: the location where the course is administered. While some studies may require a student's attendance at locations such as a health centre, teaching hospital or agricultural farm, these are not campuses in the common understanding of a campus. In these circumstances the student load should be reported against the campus from where these studies are administered. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)"
Cancellation is Withdrawn from course prior to census created by Morgan State University
Census Date is The date after which a student incurs a debt for a unit of study in which they are enrolled. Students must make their up-front payments and submit their request/s for Commonwealth assistance by the census date. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)
"CertHE is UK Level 4 qualification. Holders of a Certificate of Higher Education will have a sound knowledge of the basic concepts of a subject, and will have learned to take different approaches to solving problems. Students are able to communicate accurately and will have the qualities needed for employment requiring the exercise of personal responsibility. This certificate may be a first step towards obtaining higher level qualifications. created by QAA"
"Certificate I is Qualifies individuals with basic functional knowledge and skills to undertake work, further learning and community involvement. Designed and accredited to enable graduates to demonstrate the learning outcomes expressed as knowledge, skills and the application of knowledge and skills specified in the level 1 criteria and the Certificate I descriptor. created by AQF (Australian Qualifications Framework)"
"Certificate II is Qualifies individuals to undertake mainly routine work and as a pathway to further learning. Designed and accredited to enable graduates to demonstrate the learning outcomes expressed as knowledge, skills and the application of knowledge and skills Specified in the level 2 criteria and the Certificate II descriptor. created by AQF (Australian Qualifications Framework)"
"Certificate III is Qualifies individuals who apply a broad range of knowledge and skills in varied contexts to undertake skilled work and as a pathway for further learning. Designed and accredited to enable graduates to demonstrate the learning outcomes expressed as knowledge, skills and the application of knowledge and skills specified in the level 3 criteria and the Certificate III descriptor. created by AQF (Australian Qualifications Framework)"
"Certificate IV is Qualifies individuals who apply a broad range of specialised knowledge and skills in varied contexts to undertake skilled work and as a pathway for further learning.  Designed and accredited to enable graduates to demonstrate the learning outcomes expressed as knowledge, skills and the application of knowledge and skills specified in the level 4 criteria and the Certificate IV descriptor. created by AQF (Australian Qualifications Framework)"
"Channel Partner is An individual or business that sells products or services on behalf of primary computer hardware or software producer OR a company in a distribution channel that markets and sells a company's products:  Many organizations sell through a channel partner such as a distributor, dealer, or independent sales agent. created by TEQSA"
Citizen (S&M Domestic) is Citizenship is equal to Destination Location (Provider or Campus) created by NULL
"Cohort is Any group of student with shared characteristics. E.g. nationality, course, intake, gender, etc.
"
"Or Group of students studying the same Program (course) and commencing in the same period OR group of students that commences a particular course of study with an HEP in a particular year. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)"""
College is Any place for specialized education after the age of 16 where people study or train to obtain knowledge and/or skills OR a place where students go to study or receive training after they have left school OR a place of study for higher or more specialist qualifications after completion of high school OR a residential hall where students live on or near campus. Also describes some secondary schools and other tertiary institutions; and is used by some institutions to group subject areas together administratively. created by Australian Government Dictionary
"Commencement is Commenced students include Past or current period e.g. students that have commenced in previous or current period and their registrations are not cancelled.
"
"Commencing students include current or future period i.e. students that have not enrolled into units for the current period or due to commence for  future period which is not started yet created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)"""
Completion is  created by TEQSA
"Conditional Offer is  An offer of a place on a course subject to conditions. To be accepted on the course, the applicant needs to meet the conditions   created by UCAS"
"Contact is Represents a contact, which is a person associated with an account. created by Salesforce Developers"
"Course is Data relating to a program of study offered by the institution. Also known as: Course, Degree. Multiple sub-types of program may exist (e.g. undergraduate, postgraduate, course work, higher degree by research, award, non-award), which may have additional data. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)"
"Credit from Prior Learning is Recognition of Prior Learning is the process of assessment so Credit for Prior Learning will be the outcome of the assessment
"
Or 
TEQSA Guidance Note distinguish between Credit and Recognition of Prior Learning as follows:
‘Credit’ is a benefit provided to a student by waiving one or more of the normal requirements for completion of a course of study
• specified and unspecified credit
• exemptions
• advanced standing
• credit transfers
• opportunities for substitute learning 
• other similar outcomes. 
‘Recognition of Prior Learning’ (RPL) is defined in the Australian Qualifications Framework as a process through which eligibility for the award of credit is assessed
"It is also included in: https://docs.education.gov.au/system/files/doc/other/july_update_-_admissions_transparency_phase_two_common_terminology_and_information_sets_dec_2017.pdf created by TEQSA"""
"Curriculum is The lessons and academic content taught in a school or specific course or program. Often defined as the courses offered by a school, but it is rarely used in such a general sense in schools. Typically refers to the knowledge and skills students are expected to learn, including the learning standards or learning objectives they are expected to meet; the units and lessons that teachers teach; the assignments and projects given to students; the books, materials, videos, presentations, and readings used in a course; and the tests, assessments, and other methods used to evaluate student learning. OR a program of courses approved for a particular degree or certificate. created by EdGlossary Dictionary"
"Destination is Target for the Student, could be Delivery Location, Business Unit, Legal Entity, Provider OR a place where somebody/something is going or being sent created by Oxford Dictionary"
Destination Business Unit is Target for the Student; a unit formed by a higher education provider to undertake particular functions OR a unit used for statistical reporting purposes. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)
"Destination Location is Target for the Student;
"
"A hierarchy of Places created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)"""
Destination Provider is Target for the Student; an approved higher education or VET FEE‑HELP provider. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)
"Diploma (Higher Education Diploma)  is Qualifies individuals who apply integrated technical and theoretical concepts in a broad range of contexts to undertake advanced skilled or paraprofessional work and as a pathway for further learning. Designed and accredited to enable graduates to demonstrate the learning outcomes expressed as knowledge, skills and the application of knowledge and skills specified in the level 5 criteria and the Diploma descriptor. Qualifications are available for accreditation and issuance in both higher education and vocational education and training OR a qualification with learning outcomes that apply integrated technical and theoretical concepts in a broad range of contexts to undertake advanced skilled or paraprofessional work, and as a pathway to further learning. created by AQF (Australian Qualifications Framework)"
Discipline is A defined branch of study or learning. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)
"Doctoral Degree is Course with major research component: comprised of two-thirds or more research leading to a thesis/dissertation OR qualifies individuals who apply a substantial body of knowledge to research, investigate and develop new knowledge, in one or more fields of investigation, scholarship or professional practice. Two forms of Doctoral Degree with the same descriptor within the Doctoral Degree qualification type: the Doctoral Degree (Research) and the Doctoral Degree (Professional). Research is the defining characteristic of all Doctoral Degree qualifications. The research Doctoral Degree (typically referred to as a Doctor of Philosophy) makes a significant and original contribution to knowledge; the professional Doctoral Degree (typically titled Doctor of [field of study]) makes a significant and original contribution to knowledge in the context of professional practice. Learning outcomes and research may differ between the different forms of Doctoral Degree qualifications. Designed and accredited to enable graduates to demonstrate the learning outcomes specified in the level 10 criteria and the Doctoral Degree. created by AQF (Australian Qualifications Framework)"
"Domestic Applicant is An applicant who is one of the following: Destination Provider home Location Citizen, Destination Provider home Location permanent, humanitarian visa holder, Destination Provider home Location holder of a permanent visa other than a permanent humanitarian visa created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)"
"Domestic Student is A student who is one of the following: Destination Provider home Location Citizen, Destination Provider home Location permanent, humanitarian visa holder, Destination Provider home Location holder of a permanent visa other than a permanent humanitarian visa. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)"
"EFTSL is An equivalent full time student load. A measure of the study load, for a year, of a student undertaking a course of study on a full time basis, where the student undertakes a standard program of studies. created by TEQSA"
"EFTSU is Equivalent full time student Unit
"
"Used as a standard measure of student load across the University for statistical and budgeting purposes. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)"""
ELICOS Course is English language intensive courses for overseas students studying in Australia on student visas. ‘Intensive’ denotes full-time study comprising a minimum of 20 scheduled course contact hours per week of face-to face classes of English language instruction.    ELICOS can be offered to non-student visa holders created by TEQSA
English Level is Student ability to use the English language to make and communicate meaning in spoken and written contexts while completing a course of study. created by British Council
"English Programme Type is e.g.  ELICOS  Academic English, General English, Mixed English Programme, English Language Programme etc. OR courses offered to students studying in Australia on student visas. ‘Intensive’ denotes full-time study load (20 scheduled course contact hours per week). created by TEQSA"
Enrolled at Census is Student with at least one enrolment on or after census date regardless of course or period. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)
Enrolment is Student's enrolment in the offering of a unit. Enrolment exists when a person has been admitted to a course and the person is entitled to continue with their studies and not formally indicated before the census date that they have withdrawn from or deferred their studies. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)
"Examination is Summative assessment where a student is required to undertake a specified academic task within a specified period of time, normally between one and three hours. The location of the examination and access to external assistance is regulated. created by HESA"
"Field Of Education is The structure of ASCED Field of Education  has three levels:
"
<ol>
	<li>broad level;</li>
	<li>narrow level; and</li>
	<li>detailed level.</li>
"</ol> created by ABS_Australian Bureau of statistics"""
Forecast is An uncommitted but anticipated future transaction. created by Australian Accounting Standards Board
"Foundation Course is Non-award pre-tertiary one-year introductory course completed in preparation for entry to a full multi-year degree program offered by a university. Progression to the degree is usually dependent on the student achieving a prescribed academic level within the Foundation Program (FP). If a student fails to achieve the necessary academic level, they can move to a sub-degree course such as a diploma, and progress from there to their preferred degree (typically contingent on achieving a certain academic level in the diploma). FP is effectively a Year 12 equivalent course of general studies (however, students can undertake some discipline specific subjects (e.g. pre-requisites) to set them up for a subsequent specialized degree. OR preparatory, pre-vocational or bridging course to prepare a student for further study or training. Access courses are offered particularly for immigrants, overseas students and adults who are seeking to re-enter the workforce. Foundation courses help international students who may not initially meet entry requirements to gain entry to undergraduate study at Australian universities and colleges. They also help students adapt to the academic environment and life in Australia. Some foundation courses promise a place at university after successful completion of the course. FPs for international students are nationally recognised courses that equip students with skills and capabilities to seek entry into higher education programs in Australia. FPs provide an academic entry pathway to first year undergraduate study or its equivalent. created by UKVI"
Foundation Level is Programs for international students that are nationally recognised courses to equip students with skills and capabilities to seek entry into higher education programs in Australia. They provide an academic entry pathway to first year undergraduate study or its equivalent. created by Australian Government Department of Education (ESOS Framework)
Foundation Programme Type is Certificate Foundation Studies etc. refers to non-award programs specifically approved by the Academic Board as pathways into award courses. created by NULL
"Framework for Higher Educations Qualifications (FHEQ) is QAA Definition: Framework for Higher Educations Qualifications (FHEQ): The Qualification Frameworks set out the different levels of higher education qualifications and the requirements for each of these. There is one framework for England, Wales and Northern Ireland, and a separate one for Scotland. Both are combined in one publication. created by QAA"
"Graduate Certificate is Qualifies individuals who apply a body of knowledge in a range of contexts to undertake professional or highly skilled work and as a pathway for further learning. Designed and accredited to enable graduates to demonstrate the learning outcomes expressed as knowledge, skills and the application of knowledge and skills specified in the level 8 criteria and the Graduate Certificate descriptor. Graduate Certificate qualifications are available for accreditation and issuance in both higher education and vocational education and training. created by AQF (Australian Qualifications Framework)"
"Graduate Diploma is Qualifies individuals who apply a body of knowledge in a range of contexts to undertake professional or highly skilled work and as a pathway for further learning. Designed and accredited to enable graduates to demonstrate the learning outcomes expressed as knowledge, skills and the application of knowledge and skills specified in the level 8 criteria and the Graduate Diploma descriptor. Graduate Diploma qualifications are available for accreditation and issuance in both higher education and vocational education and training. created by AQF (Australian Qualifications Framework)"
"Higher Apprenticeship is UK Level 4 Qualification. Apprentices complete an assessment at the end of the programme, which tests both academic learning and occupational competence developed through on-the-job training. created by UCAS"
Higher National Certificate (HNC) is UK Level 4 Qualification.  The HNC is a BTEC qualification awarded by Edexcel created by GOV.UK Student_Finance
"International Applicant is An applicant who is not  an Australian citizen, New Zealand citizen, permanent humanitarian visa holder or other permanent visa holder.​ created by UKCISA"
"International Student is Any student who is not a domestic student OR a student who is NOT one of the following: Destination Provider home Location Citizen, Destination Provider home Location permanent, humanitarian visa holder, Destination Provider home Location holder of a permanent visa other than a permanent humanitarian visa.        
"
Students who study in foreign educational institutions. In Australia you are considered to be an overseas student if you’re not an Australian citizen
"Lead is Any potential client or customer that is interested in a product or service and hasn't been further qualified.   A Lead needs to have some identifiable data elements e.g. First/Last name, email, mobile created by NULL"
"Learning & Teaching Resource is A learning and teaching resource starts with the teacher and the curriculum. Other resources include the print and digital aids, computers, books, posters, charts etc as well as equipped laboratories. created by VIC Department of Training"
"Legal Entity is Any legal, administrative, or fiduciary arrangement, organisational structure or other party (including a person) having the capacity to deploy resources in order to achieve objectives OR the name that appears on all official documents or legal papers. Varies according to your entity type: individual (sole trader) – your legal name, Australian private or public company – the name registered with ASIC, cooperative – the name registered with the relevant state or territory regulatory body, corporation – the name registered with the relevant state or territory regulatory body, other incorporated entity – the name registered or incorporated under the relevant state or territory Act, partnership – the names of all the partners, self-managed superannuation fund – the name of the fund as shown on the trust deed or the governing rules of the fund, APRA-regulated superannuation fund – the name registered with the Australian Prudential Regulatory Authority, trust – the name of the trust as shown in the trust deed, other unincorporated entity – the name by which an entity is usually known, as stated on any formal documentation (such as bylaws, charter, lodge orders, rules). created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)"
"Level Of Education is The structure of ASCED Level of Education has three levels:
"
<ol>
	<li>broad level;</li>
	<li>narrow level; and</li>
	<li>detailed level. </li>
"</ol> created by ABS_Australian Bureau of statistics"""
"Live is The potential to advance in the context of student pipeline i.e have not reached a terminal status (e.g. WIthdrawn, Cancelled,  or Rejected etc.) created by NULL"
"Loan Scheme is Australian Government loan program that helps eligible students to pay their student contributions, tuition fees and overseas study expenses. Loans are repaid through the Australian tax system. Six schemes exist under HELP: HECS‑HELP, FEE‑HELP, SA‑HELP, OS‑HELP, VET FEE‑HELP and VET Student Loans. Applies to the collection types: Higher Education Student Collection, VET Collection. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)"
Local is  created by NULL
Local (S&M On-shore) is Source Location (country of Recruitment) equal to Destination Location (Provider - could be Provider Campus). created by NULL
"Location is One of the four Ps (product, price, place and promotion) that constitute the set of tools used to direct the business offering to the customer.  Place is the distribution tactic used to provide the product to the customer.
"
"APCIS created by APICS (SCOR)"""
"Managed Campus is A university campus managed by Navitas. Students are enrolled in the university and courses are self-accredited by the university.  The university provides the intellectual property, approves appointment of teaching staff, issues awards and is responsible for oversight of academic standards and quality control. The managed campus may involve undergraduate and postgraduate courses, with both domestic and international students.  A Managed Campus may also offer Pathway College courses. Navitas typically provides the premises, delivers the service to students, employs administration and teaching staff (subject to approval by the university), recruits the students and delivers the classes. As with the Pathway arrangement, a royalty applies, depending on what exactly is provided by each party. A Deputy Vice Chancellor is typically responsible for quality management of the campus. created by NULL"
"Marketing Qualified Lead is Leads that have typically come through Inbound channels, such as Web Search or content marketing, and have expressed interest in a product or service. These leads have yet to interact with sales teams. OR Marketing Qualified Lead (MQL): a lead judged more likely to become a customer compared to other leads based on lead intelligence. created by CAUDIT"
"Masters Degree is Three main forms within the qualification type: Masters Degree (Research), Masters Degree (Coursework) and the Masters Degree (Extended). The purpose of Research form is to qualify individuals who apply an advanced body of knowledge in a range of contexts for research and scholarship and as a pathway for further learning. The purpose of Coursework form is to qualify individuals who apply an advanced body of knowledge in a range of contexts for professional practice or scholarship and as a pathway for further learning. The purpose of Extended form is to qualify individuals who apply an advanced body of knowledge in a range of contexts for professional practice and as a pathway for further learning. Designed and accredited to enable graduates to demonstrate the learning outcomes specified in the level 9 criteria and either the Masters Degree (Research) descriptor, the Masters Degree (Coursework) descriptor or the Masters Degree (Extended) descriptor. created by AQF (Australian Qualifications Framework)"
Masters Qualifying Program is Typically one trimester (but can be two trimester) program of study that provides students with an opportunity to upgrade their prior study to meet the academic and/or English language requirements for direct admission to a university postgraduate program (e.g. coursework Masters). created by UPE
Matriculation is <b>Matriculation means being admitted to a university having met the entry requirements to do so. </b> created by NULL
Non-Citizen (S&M International) is Citizenship is <b>not </b>equal to Destination Location (Provider or Campus) created by NULL
Non-Local (S&M Off-shore) is Qualified contact  Source Location (country of Recruitment) is not equal to Destination Location (Provider - could be Provider Campus) created by NULL
"Offer is Data relating to the institution's offer in response to a program application, and the applicant's acceptance status OR a place in an institution to study a particular course, provided by that institution.   
"
Offered (O) 
Rejected (R)
Dead (Z)
Declined (D) 
Evidence
WHEN OfferStatus IN('O'
                                    AND OfferedDate IS NOT NULL
                                    AND StudylinkStatus &lt;&gt; 'Acceptance Successful Pending Visa'
                               THEN 1
                               ELSE 0
                           END AS IsOffer
Off-Shore Student is A student residing overseas for the term/semester and undertaking a program of study conducted at an overseas campus of a Destination higher education Provider. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)
"On-Shore Student is A student residing in Destination Provider's home Location for the term/semester and is undertaking a program of study conducted by a Destination Location higher education Provider; a student who is residing overseas for the term/semester and is undertaking an external program of study (via distance education or online), which is conducted in Destination Provider's home Location by a Destination higher education Provider. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)"
Opportunity is Prospect showing interest to convert. A sales opportunity is a qualified prospect who has a high probability of becoming a customer. created by NULL
"Partner is An entity that participates in a joint arrangement,
"
regardless of whether that entity has joint control of the
"arrangement. created by Australian Accounting Standards Board"""
"Pathway is UNDERGRADUATE STUDIES in the ‘pathway’ could consist of three (3) stages; each stage is a course in its own right. An English language course may be necessary for students who do not meet English language requirements; a Foundation course may be necessary if they don’t meet the academic requirements for entry to the Diploma; or, direct entry to a Diploma course if they meet both the English language and the academic requirements. All Foundation and Diploma courses will have an English language entry score e.g. Foundation = 5.5 IELTS; Diploma = 6.0 IELTS OR  A path or sequence of learning or experience that can be followed to achieve a final study goal, for example, ‘Pathway’ from a Diploma of Business into a Bachelor of Business. Useful for students who do not yet meet the entry criteria for the course they would like to study. created by Australian Government Dictionary"
"Pathway Course is An award or non-award course/program that a student completes ahead of access to a subsequent course (e.g. ELICOS ahead of Foundation Program; diploma ahead of degree, undergraduate degree ahead of postgraduate degree etc).  Pathway courses/programs typically include: ELICOS, Foundation, Diploma, Pre-Masters, but may also include other sub-bachelor courses such as associate degrees. created by TEQSA"
"Person is Data relating to a person including biographic (eg name, identifiers, contact details) and demographic attributes. There are multiple sub-types of person, which may have additional data. A person may be of more than one sub-type. created by CAUDIT"
"Personal Data is Information relating to an identified or identifiable individual OR refers to any data or information about students collected by schools, districts, government agencies, or organizations and companies working with schools that might reveal the identity or personal information of a specific student or that could allow someone to indirectly track down the identity or personal information of a student. created by EdGlossary Dictionary"
"Post Graduate Level is Advanced level academic program normally only available to a person who holds a bachelor degree or diploma. A postgraduate degree encompasses a range of qualifications that require an undergraduate degree to be considered for entry. OR course of study that leads to the award of a graduate certificate, graduate diploma, masters degree or doctorate. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)"
"Post Graduate Programme Type is Course of study leading to the award of a graduate certificate, graduate diploma, masters degree or doctorate. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)"
Postgraduate Degree (Masters) is Usually requires an undergraduate degree to gain entry. They are typically 1-2 years in duration and can be completed by course work or research  created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)
"Pre Lead (Suspect) is Anyone (known or unknown) who could perhaps buy a product or service. It is not necessarily understood if a suspect would be interested in the available products or services. but there is likely a potential need for the products or services.  (Lists, Referrals, Inbound, Unknown Profile) created by https://marketinginsidergroup.com"
"Professional Accreditation is Intended to ensure a course of study meets essential criteria in the training and education of its students in the relevant professional discipline, and that graduates from that discipline achieve the professional competencies and learning outcomes necessary for entry into the relevant level of professional practice. Professional accreditation can be either regulated or non-regulated. Governments, on behalf of the public, regulate some professions where they wish to assure public safety and designate authority for bodies to accredit professions. In unregulated professions, professional associations may establish an accreditation function as part of their wider professional services and operations. OR formal recognition of a vocational education and training course by the state or territory course accrediting body or the Australian Skills Quality Authority (ASQA). Under a Memorandum of Understanding between ASQA and the Training Accreditation Council, the responsibility for course accreditation in Western Australia depends on whether the course owner is an RTO registered with the TAC then it must apply to TAC for accreditation; an RTO registered with ASQA must apply to ASQA for accreditation. If not an RTO the individual or organisation can apply to any course accrediting body for accreditation. created by WA Department"
"Program is Data relating to a program of study offered by an institution. May also be known as: Course, Degree. There may be multiple sub-types of program (eg undergraduate, postgraduate, course work, higher degree by research, award, non-award), which may have additional data. created by CAUDIT"
"Programme Field (Legacy) is Structured stream in a field of study or discipline within a course. Progression is defined as moving from one course stage in a ‘pathway’ to another course stage in the ‘pathway’ OR moving from first semester units of study to second semester units of study within a course stage (i.e. moving progressively across degrees of difficulty from low to higher). NOTE: this definition is fundamentally the same as the TEQSA definition in that it signals the progress of a student through their defined course of study or pathway. Progression rules may specify: (a) the number of credit points or particular subjects which must be completed at each year level of the course before proceeding to the next year level; (b) a level of academic achievement required to move from one year of a course to the next; (c) a level of academic achievement to move from a lower qualification to a higher qualification in nested courses or to articulate from one course to another. Data related to a student's activities in a program that forms their overall student record - such as progression towards completion, eligibility to graduate. The successful completion of all the academic requirements of a course which includes any required attendance, assignments, examinations, assessments, dissertations, practical experience and work experience in industry. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)"
"Programme Level is All courses and programmes at universities and university colleges are divided into three levels: bachelor's (first cycle), master's (second cycle) and doctoral (third cycle). All levels build on the  previous level. Each course or programme has entry requirements. created by QAA"
"Progression is Defined as moving from one course stage in a ‘pathway’ to another course stage in the ‘pathway’ OR moving from first semester units of study to second semester units of study within a course stage (i.e. moving progressively across degrees of difficulty from low to higher). NOTE: this definition is fundamentally the same as the TEQSA definition below in that it signals the progress of a student through their defined course of study or pathway 
"
OR
Progression rules may specify:
(a)   the number of credit points or particular subjects which must be completed at each year level of the course before proceeding to the next year level;
(b)   a level of academic achievement required to move from one year of a course to the next;
(c)   a level of academic achievement to move from a lower qualification to a higher qualification in nested courses or to articulate from one course to another.
"https://policy.unimelb.edu.au/MPF1327#section-4.27 created by CAUDIT"""
"Prospective Student is A student who is not currently enrolled into an institution, but is researching information available on a specific course they may be interested in. created by Study in Australia"
Provider is An approved higher education or VET FEE‑HELP course provider. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)
Qualified Lead (Prospect) is A person who has interacted with the institution (Navitas or related entity) about potential study.  Could be driven by automated scoring or/and manual process created by CAUDIT
Regulatory Completion is A Student who has completed a course within the same Cohort where they were counted as a TEQSA Commencement. TEQSA Completion considers the student only in the period in which they finished this course created by TEQSA
"Regulatory Continuation is A Student who is continuing a course of study  within the same Cohort for which they were counted as a TEQSA Commencement. TEQSA Continuation considers the student in each period in which they are studying with the exception of the period in which they started the course (based on how continuation is used in the TEQSA definition of Attrition Rate).
"
HESA definition:  A student who startes the second year of the course and continues beyond 50 days after commencing year to. If a student. after 50 days of year 2
"Retention Rate is Navitas Retention Rate (Census to Census): 
"
Rate of the number of students due to return (students that enrolled by census and did not complete in the previous study period) against the number of students registered in a selected period
"Returned is Students that have come back to continue their study (after commencing in a previous period) for a teaching period that has started, and that have enrolments in a current or past period, and have not cancelled created by NULL"
"Returning is Students that are due to continue their study plan (after commencing in a previous period) for a teaching period that has not yet started (future period), and that have enrolments in a current or past period, and have not cancelled created by NULL"
"Sales Qualified Lead is Leads screened by salespeople, [oftentimes Sales Development Representatives (SDRs)], for appropriate qualifying criteria to be followed-up. Qualifying criteria include need, budget, capacity, time-frame, interest, or authority to purchase. OR prospective customer that has been researched and vetted — first by an organization’s marketing department and then by its sales team – and is deemed ready for the next stage in the sales process. created by CAUDIT"
"Scholarship is Awards carrying financial advantage for undertaking a specified program or course of study. Usually in the form of a full or partial payment of fees, or meeting of costs associated with the program or course of study such as living costs, purchase of books or accommodation. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)"
"Source is Origin of the Student, could be Location, Business Unit
"
OR
"Where are enrolments coming from created by NULL"""
"Source Business Unit is Origin of the Student; a unit formed by a higher education provider has formed to undertake particular functions, or which is used for statistical reporting purposes. created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)"
"Source Location is Origin of the Student;
"
"A hierarchy of Places created by APICS (SCOR)"""
"Special Need is If you are ill, or have an issue beyond your control that prevents you studying or performing as well as you should have on assessment tasks, you may be able to apply for special consideration. Check with your institution. created by Study in Australia"
"Student is Data related to a person enrolled in a program offered by the institution.
"
UPE:
Defined in our student contracts as : the person that
Student Forecast is An uncommitted but anticipated future Student transaction created by Australian Accounting Standards Board
"Student Progression is Measure of educational achievement and the effectiveness of educational delivery. The student progress rate measures successful student subject load. 
"
UPE: 
Where the Student has met the progression criteria
Study Period is Period in which student undertakes and completes a unit /units of study. Can be equivalent to a term or semester (bi- or tri-semester). Study Period is duration of both contact and non-contact times created by CAUDIT
Study Plan is  created by NULL
"Teaching Period is Data related to scheduling units at the macro level (weeks of the year).  The year is broken into sets of time periods into which units can be offered.
"
May also be known as Semester
"Teaching Period should exclude non-contact study period time created by CAUDIT"""
"Teaching Session is A session, also called a teaching session, is the period during which a unit is taught and assessed.
"
UPE:
"Data related to individually scheduled units within a Study/ Teaching period. Typically a student studying at undergraduate level will undertake 20 hours worth of study within timetable teaching sessions per week. created by CAUDIT"""
Termination is Terminated from course after census created by NULL
"Timetable is Data related to the scheduling of units into teaching periods, both at the macro and micro levels.  
"
There may be multiple sub-types of timetable (eg program
Transfer is Moving from one  course to a different course. This could happen within the same college or between different colleges or course be a transfer between education providers.    transfer as a reference to another institute and Change of Program is used for the move from one program to another created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)
"Tuition Fee is Fee chargeable in respect of the cost of teaching and related services, administration and capital facilities relating to unit of study for a course in which a student is enrolled at the higher education provider OR (where those units for that course are being undertaken in an off‑shore entity) that part of the tuition fee the higher education provider is to receive from an off‑shore entity. Fees may be paid by the student or by another person, agency or organisation on behalf of the student.  Excludes fees collected for student associations or student unions. Excludes fees paid by an employer for a place fully funded by an employer. Excludes payments for a HECS liability. OR  money that a student pays to a university for their teaching. 
"
UPE: The cost of any given pathway within a College
Unconditional Offer is  created by NULL
"Under Graduate Level is Academic program of study leading to a qualification, such as an associate degree, diploma or bachelor degree. Includes an honours degree. Undergraduate degrees are usually three or four years, and are also known as Bachelor’s degrees. created by Australian Government Dictionary"
"Under Graduate Programme Type is E.g.;Diploma (Stage 1, Stage 2), Bachelor Degree, Honors Degree Associate Degree, Advanced Diploma, University Transfer Programme First Year Degree,  Second Year Degree, Under Graduate Global Success Programme (UPNA) etc.     
"
UCAS:
Undergraduate qualifications offered by most higher education institutions  - Bachelor degree: provides initial preparation for professional careers and postgraduate study and involve a minimum of three years of full-time study (some institutions offer a fast-track system
Undergraduate Degree  is Multi-year bachelor programme typically with a specialisation in a particular discipline or disciplines  created by Australian Government Department of Education and Training (HEIMS)
"Unit is Data relating to a unit of study within a program. Refers to both the definition of the unit as well as the scheduled instances of the unit on offer. May also be referred to as: Subject, Course  OR separate unit of study and a combination of subjects making up a course of study. May include multiple sub-types of unit (eg undergraduate, postgraduate, award, non-award), which may have additional data.
"
UPE:
A formally structured unit of study
"Unit Result is A code which identifies whether a student has completed, failed, withdrawn from, will commence later in the year or is still in the process of completing a unit of study
"
UPE:
A code
"University Partner is An organization, in conjunction with whom the University offers a program of study or a component of a program of study. The organization may be a private provider, a professional or industry association, a university or a college. created by TEQSA"
Unqualified Lead is  created by NULL
Withdrawal is Withdrawn from course after census created by Morgan State University
